---
title: As Canteen Operators
permalink: /join-us/as-canteen-operators/
variant: markdown
description: ""
---
<p><strong>Nanyang Girls’ High School</strong> has a student enrolment of about 1600 students. We are located at No 2, Linden Drive S288683.</p><p>We are inviting interest applicants to operate the following stalls from January 2024 onwards:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Western Food Stall</p></li><li><p>Vegetarian Food Stall</p></li></ul><p>Date of Application: 26 December 2023 – 13 January 2024</p><p></p><h4><strong>Criteria</strong></h4><p>Applicants should meet the following criteria:</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore Citizens or Singapore Permanent Residents aged 21 years old and above.</p></li><li><p>Adhere to Healthy Meals in School Programme (HMSP) where all food sold must meet the programme requirement. Please see details at (<a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme</a>).</p></li><li><p>Maintain high standard of food and personal hygiene set out by Singapore Food Agency (SFA) for food handlers.</p></li><li><p>Applicant must be in personal attendance at the stall during operating hours.</p></li><li><p>Both applicant &amp; stall assistant(s) must have passed the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Course conducted by any of the accredited training providers appointed by WDA (Workforce Development Agency).</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant will need to apply for a food stall license from SFA.</p></li><li><p>Applicants with experience in running a school canteen stall or catering experience is preferred.</p></li><li><p>Applicants who adopt green practices are also preferred.</p></li></ol><h4><strong>Application Procedure</strong></h4><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Application forms are available at our General Office (2 Linden Drive S288683) or can be downloaded <a href="/files/NYGH_Canteen_stall_application_form__updated2022_.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.</p></li><li><p>Interested applicants must submit the following documents:</p></li></ol><p>a.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Completed application form</p><p>b.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; List of proposed menu and pricing for all items to be sold</p><p>c.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Photocopy of relevant certificates including Basic Food Hygiene Course certificates of applicant and stall assistant/s.</p><p>d.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Photocopy of the Identification Card (front &amp; back).&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Please submit the completed application form with the supporting documents to the school's General Office or email to <a href="mailto:nanyanggirls@nygh.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">nanyanggirls@nygh.edu.sg</a> by 15 January 2024.</p><p>3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Shortlisted applicants will be invited for an interview on 15 January 2024 and <em>will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.</em></p>