---
title: Teaching & Learning Framework
permalink: /ny-curriculum/curriculum-framework/student-development/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Curriculum Framework
---
In NYGH, we seek to nurture Empowered Learners through our academic curriculum. As Empowered Learners, the students

*   value opportunities that allow them to apply their learning;
*   seek and use feedback to inform themselves about their learning progress and to articulate and set learning goals;
*   develop strategies to achieve these learning goals;
*   learn independently and collaboratively to develop stronger mastery of subject matter;
*   reflect on their learning process and progress to advance their development; and
*   take initiative to value-add to the learning process and the development of others.

To enable our students to become Empowered Learners, our teachers take the role of mentor and collectively create an environment that enables holistic growth and development and empowers students to pursue their aspirations.

As mentors, we CARE to nurture our students. We believe that every child wants to and can learn. We value every child and take her needs and talents into consideration when we design our lessons, activities and programmes. We seek to provide balanced and holistic learning experiences for our students.

We believe that learning takes place in caring and safe environments. Hence, we cultivate positive teacher-student and peer relationships so that there is a culture of care and mutual respect in our classrooms, where children learn to appreciate diversity. We also create opportunities for our students to DARE to take risks, learn from their mistakes and from one another, and be confident in expressing their views.

In designing the learning experiences for students, our teachers bear in the mind the following design principles to keep the learning process dynamic and responsive:

<table style="box-sizing: border-box; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px; max-width: 100%; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); color: rgb(35, 31, 32); font-family: opensans-regular; font-size: 15px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: 0.3px; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;" width="800" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="2" border="1"><tbody style="box-sizing: border-box;"><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box;" width="250">concept-centric</td><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">Through teachers’ skilful questioning and inductive pedagogical approaches, students develop strong mastery of the knowledge, processes and skills through a conceptual lens and are able to make connections between classroom learning and the world they live in.</td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">authentic</td><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">Students are provided opportunities to engage with real and current issues that facilitate the understanding of concepts and the application of what they have learnt to different contexts. They will also immerse in interactions with teachers, peers and knowledgeable others to co-construct meaning from knowledge and experiences.</td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">relevant</td><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">Students learn knowledge and develop skills and attributes that enable and prepare them for work and for life.</td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">experiential</td><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">Teachers create learning opportunities that provide the students to learn with a Head-On, Heart-On and Hands-On approach and enable them to evaluate and reflect on their learning.</td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">differentiated</td><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">Teachers plan for learning in heterogeneous settings and take into consideration the students’ backgrounds, readiness and skill levels, and interests when they design the learning content and process. Teachers create an inclusive classrooms and help every student attain her best.</td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">developmentally appropriate</td><td style="box-sizing: border-box;">Activities and programmes are designed and/or curated to meet the different needs of the students, bearing in mind their level of cognitive, socio-emotional and physical development.</td></tr></tbody></table>